"Solar Year 198"
"Tokyo, Kita-ku"
"Fire Force"
Next stop, Tabata. Tabata. Today's Amaterasu operational rate is normal.
We are running according to schedule.
Attention all commuters at this station!
The train traveling between Komagome and Tabata...
--A fire has broken out on the train running...
--That's a huge fire. --A fire has broken out on the train running...
I heard it was an Infernal.
Another fire?
You must be in pain.
I'll put you out of your misery now.
SFF!
All civilians, please get back! This area is dangerous!
You, too. Don't stand around here, step back, now.
Huh? Aren't you...?
Lieutenant! What are you doing?!
Oh, excuse me.
0810. Let's put this Infernal to rest.
--Roger! --Roger!
Sister, please begin the prayer.
Right.
Flame is the breath of the soul.
--Firing special fire extinguishing shell! --Black smoke is the liberation of the soul.
Readying core-annihilating pile bunker!
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul...
...return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Awesome. This is it!
Sister, are you hurt?
N-No.
Sister!
Are you...?
Yes! Forgive the late introduction.
I'm newly-assigned member of Special Fire Force Company 8, as of today,
third-generation Fire Soldier, Shinra Kusakabe.
"Episode 1: Shinra Kusakabe Enlists"
So these are the Devil's Footprints I've heard about.
"Special Fire Cathedral 8"
The newly-formed unit isn't in a modern facility?
What a dump.
Shinra, come in.
Yes, sir!
You think it's a dump?
N-No!
Reporting in!
Oh, you're here.
I'm captain of Special Fire Force Company 8, Akitaru Obi.
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, Captain's Office"
Please stop training when you're introducing yourself, at least.
Oh, right.
Takehisa Hinawa, lieutenant of the ramshackle 8th.
So, Shinra... "Shinra"
About this résumé photo-- why are you smiling in it?
Sir! I'm sorry about that. When I get nervous, and my face tightens up,
I seem to have a tendency to smile.
Huh?
Uh, that is... I smile whenever I feel tense. My whole face--
Sorry, sorry. You're just so adorable.
So it must create a lot of misunderstandings, huh?
Yes, sir! It's not that I'm making light of anyone.
"Adorable"? I think the word you're looking for is "disgusting."
So tell me, Shinra, what was your motivation for joining the Fire Force?
Sir!
I came here to be a hero.
Heroic ideation is fine and all, but Fire Soldiers are a team.
We have to make sure to put cooperation first.
A hero, huh?
From what I understand,
you were called a devil, even at the Training Academy,
over an incident that took place when you were a little child.
Are you sure you're not just a delinquent with a bad reputation
who became a Fire Soldier to score a little credit?
And you expect to be a hero?
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, Shower Room"
Sister... What is it, Maki-san?
Earlier, you were swept off your feet like a princess
by the new recruit at the station, right?
When he did that,
did you feel it was the hand of fate or anything?
"Thump-thump"
Maki-san, you're usually so cool.
That's because you have a girly flower garden where your brain goes.
Reporting in!
Thanks for your help earlier.
N-Not at all.
Any hero would do the same.
It really is fate!
As a Sister, and our loveable Iris, violence does not become you.
Isn't it nice and romantic?
I adjusted the cuffs on your pants to go with your ability.
Is the length okay?
Yes. Thank you very--
That kind of smells nice.
Is that the scent of a damp woman?
Excuse me! That's not what I was thinking!
Um, Captain Obi, it's about that time.
All right. Everyone's here, so let's get started.
Not even those of us here right now know when or who it might happen to--
the terror that grips every person who lives on earth.
Spontaneous human combustion.
One day, it just started.
Out of the blue, people the world over began to catch fire.
These victims of human combustion were labeled the first generation.
This first generation, who lost all sense of self,
and ran out of control until their lives were spent,
were feared as "Infernals."
Infernals would not cease their activity
until the core where their hearts are was destroyed.
Or, in other words, put to rest.
The Special Fire Force's mission
is to put Infernals to rest and save the souls of both humans and Infernals.
It is also our calling to solve the mystery and find the cause of human combustion,
and more than anything, to save humanity from the flame terror
as soon as possible.
I'm going to be a hero--
No, I have to be a hero.
"Special Fire Cathedral 8, Dorm, Unit C"
Mom...
Mom, I'm gonna be a superhero, and keep both you and Sho safe.
That's so cool.
Devil!
Of course I'm not going to take in such a dangerous child!
Now, Grandmother, you shouldn't say that in front of your grandson.
Grandson?
Do you know what the boy has done?
And still... And still...
What a face for you to make!
I'll keep...
my promise.
The alarm!
Shinra!
An Infernal has appeared! Be ready in 30 seconds!
Right!
"Captain" "Unpowered" "Akiharu Obi"
An Infernal has appeared in Taito-ku, Torigoe District.
The site of the fire is a small factory.
The person who turned Inferno is the factory manager's wife.
"Sister" "Unpowered" "Iris"
"Lieutenant" "Second-generation pyrokinetic" "Takehisa Hinawa"
We'll work with Squad 4 of the Fire Defense Agency's Ueno Regional HQ
to put her to rest and to stamp things out.
"First Class Fire Soldier" "Second-generation pyrokinetic" "Maki Oze"
We're moving out! Hurry and get in the Matchbox!
"Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Shinra Kusakabe"
"Special Armored Fire Engine" "Code name: Matchbox"
Emergency vehicles are now passing through.
All other traffic, please pull to the side and clear a path.
Special Fire Force Company 8, move out!
This is your chance to be a hero.
The Blue Stripes are here!
This Infernal seems to be especially aggressive.
We're working to keep any sparks from flying,
but unless you can put the Infernal to rest, there's nothing--
Sister...
P-Please... Please bring my wife rest.
Infernals are lost souls surrounded in flames.
In the name of the great god Sol, I offer mercy.
Special Fire Force Company 8, we're going in!
--Yes, sir! --Yes, sir!
There. All done.
All right!
Now I can keep everyone safe!
Mom, look! Do I look like a hero?
Mm-hmm. Very cool.
In there.
It's almost as if this wall of flames is refusing to let us in.
This place must have been very important to the wife.
Mom... Sho...
Shinra! Are you okay?
Huh?
I'm...
I thought you were going to be a hero.
Fire Soldiers do not leave their comrades behind and run away.
When one of us delays, we're all delayed.
The luminous blue stripes that ring our bodies
are the ties that bind friends together in the world of flame and smoke.
Never break them!
Having a sense of fear allows you to make cool-headed decisions. Just...
...don't chicken out because of it.
Not a problem.
Maki!
Securing a path!
The flames are being sucked in!
Shinra!
--Shinra! --Shinra!
Hurry and get out of here! Hurry!
Mom...
The son, Shinra, was supposedly the cause of the fire.
There weren't even any bones left from his little brother Sho.
Did they say he was a third generation? They can shoot out flames, right?
Terrifying, isn't it?
I can't very well run away.
It wasn't me.
There was something there, during the fire.
Something other than Mom, or Sho, or me.
I'm going to find out who the bastard was.
That twisted, nervous smile...
It's so disgusting.
He's a devil.
Ever since that day, I haven't been able to smile genuinely.
Devil! Hey, Devil! Get up! Devil!
Blue... light...?
After getting stuck with a heavy-duty nickname like Devil,
are you this pathetic?
I was knocked out.
How many minutes?
What? It was about five seconds.
Are you okay? If you can get up, then get yourself up!
You okay, Shinra?
Yes!
Everyone prepare for battle!
2110. Now moving to put the Infernal "Factory Manager's Wife" to rest!
--Roger! --Roger!
Shinra, Maki and I will draw her attention.
Finish this in one shot with those feet of yours!
Right.
Commence the operation!
Ow! That's hot!
Improved Type 2 Fire Ax thrust!
I was going to be a hero... and keep Mom and Sho safe.
Mom... Sho... I'm sorry.
I couldn't keep my promise.
But I will keep another promise.
Mom...
...here I go.
I am not a devil! I have to be a hero!
There.
Off you go!
Off I go!
Sister! The prayer!
Right.
Captain!
Shinra! Aim for the core!
You are a devil!
The flame is the soul's breath.
Disgusting. What a crooked smile.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul...
Hey, soul!
Burn!
Amazing. This is a third generation's firepower?
Return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Sister, i-is my wife...?
Your wife is safe. She has returned to the great flame of fire.
Shinra put her to rest without her suffering.
Thank you, Shinra. Thank you.
Good work!
Thank you, Fire Soldiers!
From here on, you'll be the recipient of these cheers again and again.
Very cool.
You've taken your first step toward becoming a hero, haven't you?
"To be continued"
"Next time"
"Episode 2: The Heart of a Fire Soldier"